Revision opps Concepts 

Encapsulation:

Encapsulation binds together code and the data it manipulates and keeps them both safe from outside interference and misuse. 

Ex: ATM MAchine , Mail, text msg 

Encapsulation means hiding the internal details or mechanics of how an object does something. 
Abstraction is outer layout in terms of design.
 For Example: - Outer Look of a iPhone, like it has a display screen. Encapsulation is inner layout in
 terms of implementation.

Inheritance

Inheritance is the process by which one object acquires the properties of another object.
Example 
whatsApp publish

Polymorphism

Polymorphism is a feature that allows one interface to be used for a general class of action.
 This concept is often expressed as "one interface, multiple actions". The specific action is determined by the exact nature of circumstances.

human behavior. One person can have different behavior. 
For example, a person acts as an employee in the office, a customer in the shopping mall,
 a passenger in bus/train, a student in school, and a son at home.

Classes 
are special kinds of templates from which you can create objects.
 Each object contains data and methods to manipulate and access that data. 
The class defines the data and the functionality that each object of that class can contain.


Partial classes
 It can break the functionality of a single class into many files
There are some rules for defining a partial class as in the following;

A partial type must have the same accessibility.

Each partial type is preceded with the "partial" keyword.

If the partial type is sealed or abstract then the entire class will be sealed and abstract.

Static classes

A static class is declared using the "static" keyword.
 If the class is declared as static then the compiler never creates an instance of the class. 
All the member fields, properties and functions must be declared as static and they are accessed by the class name directly not by a class instance object.


Sealed Classes
Sealed class is used to stop a class to be inherited.
Sealed classes are the reverse of abstract classes. While abstract classes are inherited and are refined in the derived class, sealed classes cannot be inherited.
You can create an instance of a sealed class. A sealed class is used to prevent further refinement through inheritance.

